Move legacy data retrieval page to kb (#507)
filecoin-project/lotus-docs: content/en/kb/legacy-retrieve-data/index.md

---
title: "Retrieve data with the Legacy Markets"

> description: "This tutorial walks through legacy markets way to retrieve data on the Filecoin network"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "This tutorial walks through data retrieval on the Filecoin network using legacy markets"
```

Reviewer: Bit of a fussy suggestion. The original sentence didn't read quire right.
